if your nerve deny you go above your
nerve Emily Dickinson
and Cheryl Strayed oh my god what if I
dad I'm sorry you have to walk a
thousand miles just to finish that
sentence
why don't have to walk a thousand miles
Happy Trails
from the Sun you get lonely longer in my
real life I am out here follow mr.
Benson break up huh break up a sort of a
shorthand how much do I love you my
mother was the love of my life
you're using heroin and you're having
sex with anyone who asks
your think about quit only once every
two minutes or so they'll uh put a bunch
of stuff quit jobs quit marriages your
regret in him I didn't have choice never
been a time when it was a fork in my
Road here are some questions I've been
asking myself
what if I forgive myself
what if I was sorry but if I could go
back in time I wouldn't do a single
thing differently what if all those
things I did were the things that got me
here
to
way
you